sycl: Add option to set the SYCL architecture for all targets (#10266)
ggerganov/llama.cpp: docs/backend/SYCL.md

export CPLUS_INCLUDE_DIR=/path/to/oneMKL/include:$CPLUS_INCLUDE_DIR

# Build LLAMA with Nvidia BLAS acceleration through SYCL
# Setting GGML_SYCL_ARCH is optional but can improve performance

> GGML_SYCL_ARCH=sm_80 # Example architecture

Reviewer: how about extract other vendors' detail to another file and leave a link here? It will be quite confusing if mixing so much archs

Author: Which other file would you suggest? As far as I can tell all the SYCL documentation is in this file. I don't see how else I could document this without a big documentation refactor.
The option only allows setting one architecture and `sm_80` is just an example. The link to the list of available architecture is linked below if this is what you are worried about: https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/pull/10266/files#diff-4f40b10d65d19565440cfa25acd0129a87a596de19c2298991021a9a01a040e6R650

> GGML_SYCL_ARCH=sm_80 # Example architecture

Reviewer 2: OK

|--------------------|---------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| GGML_SYCL          | ON (mandatory)                        | Enable build with SYCL code path.<br>FP32 path - recommended for better perforemance than FP16 on quantized model|
| GGML_SYCL_TARGET   | INTEL *(default)* \| NVIDIA \| AMD    | Set the SYCL target device type.            |

> | GGML_SYCL_ARCH     | ""                                    | Set the SYCL target architecture, optional except for AMD. Setting the architecture can improve the performance. See the table [here](https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/sycl/sycl/doc/design/OffloadDesign.md#--offload-arch) for a list of valid architectures. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| GGML_SYCL_DEVICE_ARCH     | Optional (except for AMD)                       | Set the SYCL device architecture, optional except for AMD. Setting the device architecture can improve the performance. See the table [--offload-arch](https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/sycl/sycl/doc/design/OffloadDesign.md#--offload-arch) for a list of valid architectures. |
```

Author: Sure, that's done in https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/pull/10266/commits/5430726711ae12e17800297c15acf1495043c5ab
